The Joe Rogan experience.
Are Kelly still in jail too? I believe so. That's up. Why?
Huh? Why? Why is it up? That he's still in jail. Are Kelly? Why is it up?
Are Kelly still in jail? Yeah, the has some jams.
I'm not saying he shouldn't be in jail. He should be here.
Imagine it's a waste of talent. Imagine.
If they said you had to deal with <laugh>. Imagine if they made a deal with 'em.
They said, listen, you can,
you can take months off of your sentence with each album you
put out. Oh.
My God.
Wow. And all the money goes to charity. Hey man.
You need to be the new attorney general. Hey man, you can't.
Have a, a shiny time. Be like, listen, Mr.
Moses let's make a deal. If you were the opposing,
if you were the opposing lawyer and you and I, Matt,
and we decided let's just smoke a joint and talk about this man. Oh, well, yeah.
It's just hard. You know, right now with all the that had happened with R Kelly,
it'd be very, very difficult to listen to a new or ACHI album.
And he didn't talk about it.
Did you listen to the one that he did release? The one song that he did release?
No, listen that man, it's pretty good. All his songs.
I'm not. Got a lot of good songs. I'm not bullshitting. He's the piece of,
but he's got great songs. Some people got.
Upset at me that I said, listen,
I understand he's an extremely flawed human being extremely,
but this song is pretty catchy.
Who was that one that he released on SoundCloud after he got like dropped by
his, is it? I believe I can fly remix. There was no,
there was a song he was talking about. I'm living in flight risk.
He was talking about his.
Whole thing. Not guilty. All his, this has a soul called not guilty.
He does Kelly does he?
Yes. <laugh> probably with JayZ 18 songs.
In a row. He was on best, both worlds.
Out. Right? Remember trapped in the closet, right?
Remember that? Yeah. Trapped in the closet. Yes. He.
Had a whole, he had, he had a soap opera, bro. Yeah.
Yes. He did trapped in the closet. Trapped. He did. Are Kelly.
Is he lit him out for, for COVID our Kelly's an innovator man. Well,
everybody else after Kobe, he's an R B. He's the king of R B. Oh.
Okay. What I call a 19 minute song called? I admit, I admit that's it.
Yeah, dude.
It's I heard that 19 minutes. That's good.
It was like trapped in the closet all together.
Listen, I'm not saying I endorse what he's done. I do not separate.
Not saying what I'm saying is this sounds that he's making the, the,
the things that he's saying,
you can apply them to what you think he did or didn't do and it'll it up for
you. Yeah, bro.
If Hitler puts out a R and B soul out tomorrow with, with, with.
Delic on it, I'm not. Yeah. I'm not like forgiving him. Yeah. I'm not forgiving.
Him. What I'm saying is I'm getting Hitler. Yeah. The art I should, James.
I do think some of them and them family and them, uh, and like that.
That was letting they daughter go with R Kelly.
They knew what the they was doing.
Like I'm not letting my daughter go with R Kelly, nowhere or any.
You know what I'm saying? Like, cause every black parent said,
when they watched that documentary, they were just like,
I ever let my daughter go. Yeah. I'm not letting yeah.
I'm not what the is going on. You know what I'm saying?
And then like the with the hotel, I think a lot of that was.
But I think a Kelly, a nasty, he need to go to jail. But <laugh>,
you know what I'm saying? Here's the thing. Yeah.
I think that he let Ahoe be Ahoe but he was just dipping and shallow waters,
man. You can't do that. Yeah. You can't do that. A Kelly,
like I be Ahoe with some, like, it was some growing it's like, man, you rich as.
You have any woman you want.
Why do you wanna with a that can't even drink at a bar with you? You.
Power dynamic. I think there's a ma there's a madness of that kind of fame.
Yeah. Like the, the level of fame that he had.
And you ever see that one video where he was on stage and these girls literally
reach up and grab his Dick while he's dancing and singing in front of,
of 'em <laugh> I seen that imagine Sinatra in a similar
circumstance. <laugh>.
Oh my God.
I, I want you to stop and think,
and I'm not saying that Sinatra did the same that R Kelly did,
but I want you to imagine, I would. I want you to imagine, oh,
she KA what kind of,
kind of a connection does this man have to his fans? I mean,
he is dancing in front of these ladies in there.
He's singing to their face and they're patting him down and people are screaming
for the people that are just listening to this. This is wild.
Mean. This is, I mean, this is Jesus Christ. It's wild.
But they grab his Dick. Eventually there goes, grab, goes, she's massage.
And Dick.
Bobby singing bag, Hey, Hey, this one of his last shows he did too.
He's telling her to do it by the way, just saying why my balls
people wiping.
Me. Listen,
we need Jimmy Fallons and we also need art Kelly's oh my, we need,
we need hyenas. And we need lions.
Keep on wiping me.
We need Republicans and we need Democrats. We need everybody, everybody. But,
um.
Is she wiping his? There was some.
That he did <laugh> it was different than this. The problem with this guy,
the stuff that he did was like, you start looking into it and you go, Jesus,
how, how old is everybody? Like, what is this? It's like the stage,
like doing that. The art that he produced, like being able to stand on stage.
And this girl grabs his Dick in front of everybody.
<laugh> I'm not endorsing anything he's ever done ever that's criminal.
But that is wild.
That is wild. That's wild.
Yeah.
S oldschool, doop. I feel like there it, when that back in the day, you know,
but like that, like girls don't.
Panties on stage. I know,
but they're grabbing his Dick in front of the whole world.
I mean, you seen the five heartbeats. Oh, this is my favorite. Hold on,
time out. This is my favorite R Kelly song. Do you have your passport?
Did you get your shots? Do you ought to come back with Rob?
Do you have your passport <laugh> girl?
Would you like to come back with Rob to Mary?
If he's he said.
Oh my God.
Shots.
Are
My God look, look, the background sinks is like, what the are we seeing? <laugh>
they just like.
That is pure madness. What was.
That? One was the.
What was the one where the girl calls up and he at he's getting his hair done.
Why we in the studio? What is that one? Where, where the, he is a whole thing.
<laugh> where he is going back and forth with this.
Woman on the phone. You know what I'm talking about? A woman's fair.
What is the song? What's the, when a woman's fair.
No, no, no, no, no, no. She's mad at him. And he is like.
I wish you would. But heard my mother real talk.
That's real, real, real, real.
He goes you what, what? He goes. I wish you would
mother.
Minute calm down. <laugh> yeah, that's it. I was at a club with who?
<Laugh>. Yeah.
Get the, man. You know what girl?
I'm not about to sit up here and argue with you about who's to blame or call no
names. Real talk.
Real real talk. Real talk. Trying to talk.
Not who, right? Fools wrong.
What's right. What's wrong? Real.
Talk.
Just because your friend say she saw me at a club with some mother <laugh>.
Than, oh my God. Listen to this. Listen, she.
Say there were other guys there.
Did she say there were other guys there were there other guys there
will tell me this. How the she knew I was with the mother girls. <laugh>
wait a minute. Let me finish what I've got to say.
I've been with you five years and you listening to your mom, girl.
I don't know why you with them.
Jealous. No, man. That look at this hair, but gimme a little bit.
More. Gimme a little bit more. I don't care. Always.
Accusing me of some old. Give a little bit more.
And I'm just trying to have a good time. Robert, you did this girls.
I heard you did that. Don't you think I got enough? on my mind. Real.
Hold real through a mother pedophile case.
I got enough. We didn't talk.
Gave who some money I ain't gave nobody. No money.
Girl. You.
Tweaking. Oh.
My God. You see what your problem is. You're always running off at the mouth,
telling your girl, your business. When they don't eat with us,
they don't sleep with us. Besides what they eat. Don't make a.
Real, real.
You put a voicemail conversation. A song.
Is an art.
Piece. Come on, man. This it's art piece. Look, man's an art piece. Look, man.
Ray, Charles, couldn't see R Kelly. Couldn't read man.
He could they a both writer, song.
Catch new episodes. The Joe Rogan experience for free only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify, including clips,
ease seamlessly,
switch between video and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data cost. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the Jerry on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan experience.